Add back old docs, mark new docs as Beta (#3626)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api.md

<Card

>     title="API v2 docs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="API v2 (legacy docs)"
```

>     body="Our legacy API version, with limited endpoints and features (some features here are not available in v3)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body="Our legacy API version, with limited endpoints and features. Contains information not available in v3."
```

link="/dbt-cloud/api-v2-legacy"
    icon="pencil-paper"/>

<Card

>     title="API v2 (Beta docs)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="API v2 (beta docs)"
```

>     body="Our legacy API version, with limited endpoints and features (some features here are not available in v3). These docs are in beta and may not be complete."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body="Our latest API version, with limited endpoints and features. Contains information not available in v3. These docs are in beta and may not be complete."
```

link="/dbt-cloud/api-v2"
    icon="pencil-paper"/>

<Card

>     title="API v3 (Beta docs)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="API v3 (beta docs)"
```
